# Wrapper's Delight UI

`wrappers_delight_ui` is a straightforward and intuitive user interface designed to seamlessly visualize and interpret logs created by the `wrappers_delight` module. This UI project provides developers and data scientists a clear view into the reflections and prompt-response dynamics generated by `wrappers_delight`.

## Features:

- **Example Usage of Wrapper's Delight**: Example usage of logging and reflection of `wrappers_delight` so the dashboard has logs/reflections to view.
- **Visual Display of Logs**: View detailed logs in a structured format.
- **Reflection Insights**: Gain insights into how AI interprets prompts, its response rationale, and potential suggestions for improved prompting.
- **Responsive Design**: Adaptable and user-friendly on both desktop and mobile devices.

## Quickstart:
### Requirements:
Before diving in, ensure you have the following libraries installed:

- openai
- matplotlib
- pandas
- ndjson

You can install these requirements using pip:

```bash
pip install openai matplotlib pandas ndjson
```
1. Clone the `wrappers_delight_ui` repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yoheinakajima/wrappers_delight_ui.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the cloned directory:
    ```bash
    cd wrappers_delight_ui
    ```

3. Run the Flask app using the provided `main.py`:
    ```bash
    python main.py
    ```

4. Open a browser and navigate to `http://127.0.0.1:5000/` to access the UI.

## Dependencies:

Ensure you have the `wrappers_delight` module set up and generating logs. Learn more and get started with `wrappers_delight` on its [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/yoheinakajima/wrappers_delight).

## Contributing:

We welcome contributions! Please create a pull request on GitHub, and we'll review it for inclusion.

## License:

MIT License

---

Developed with ❤️ by [yoheinakajima](https://twitter.com/yoheinakajima).
